I wish I knew more people like you, you really have the ability to make people around you happy.
You are such a joy to be around because you always make me laugh and look at things from a different perspective.
You always make my day better when I am feeling down.
You make everyone feel so welcome, I don't think you have ever met a stranger.
You are so easy to be around and you always have something interesting to talk about.
Your confidence is refreshing, and there is no question as to why you are so self-assured.
You have such charisma that is clearly inspiring to the people with whom you interact.
You are a loyal friend and I know I can come to you with any issues that I have without facing any judgment.
It is always refreshing to be around you because of your authenticity and dedication to your values.
Your positive attitude and healthy lifestyle are an inspiration.
You bring out the best in people and show people how to live with courage.
I strive to be as outgoing as you are and display the amount of independence that you do every day.
You can always find the right words to say, even when everything is going wrong.
People who meet you instantly respect you because of your ability to be authoritative yet gentle, and self-confident yet modest.
You carry yourself with a lot of maturity during times where others revert to youthful behavior.
Your presence commands attention and respect, no matter how large the crowd is.
You are always so interesting to talk to. Your ideas and perceptions of things are unlike anything that would occur to me on my own.
You set the right example for those coming after you and it is clear to see that you take responsibility for your position of a role model.
You are so helpful to those who are in need, even when you feel like you have very little to offer.
I admire your patience and ability to remain calm during times of distress.
I appreciate how much you show you care about other people.
You always lift my mood with your positive energy and willingness to look for the silver lining in situations that are less than ideal.
You have a heart of gold that benefits so many people in your life.
Your thoughts and ideas are so creative, which has allowed you to refine your talent into something unique from others.
You can accomplish anything that you put your mind to.
Everything you do is with excellence.
You are such a talented leader whom many want to follow and emulate.
You are a muse for me and so many others.
Other people, including myself, aspire to be like you one day.
All of your practice really shows in your work.
Your expertise in your craft resonates with me, and I want to learn from you.
Your years of hard work are truly paying off.
Your dedication to your craft is inspiring.
You are incomparable to other people with similar goals. You blow the competition out of the water.
You should be proud of yourself for refining your craft as much as you have. It is truly inspirational.
You have the best new ideas that make your specific craft a step above your competition.
You are the most incredible when you're not afraid to be yourself.
This journal will help you build an important daily habit of thankfulness and gratitude. Learn to re-discover all the glorious things that are already in your life.
You're more amazing than you will ever realize.
You are one of a kind and it continues to impress me.
You know that we are friends, but I want you to know that I’m also a huge fan of your work.
You are unbelievable. I can’t wait to see what you will be coming up with this time next year.
The confidence that you have in your craft if motivating,
You were born a natural.
You set a great example for people who want to be as successful as you are in ______.
Your work is inspiring both to those who have come before you and to people who will be following in your footsteps.
You are astoundingly gorgeous when you wake up in the morning.
Your eyes are so warm and welcoming.
You look like you spend all of your time in the gym!
You're not wearing any makeup? Wow, you are flawless.
You light up a room when you walk in, and people definitely notice.
Your hairstyle frames your face perfectly.
Your face brightens up when you laugh and it spreads joy to those around you.
Your style is impeccable.
That color is perfect on you.
You make that outfit look amazing, not many people could pull that off like you do!
You have a spring in your step today that is brightening up my day.
Can you teach me how to do my ________ like you do?
You look very happy and your energy is contagious.
You weren’t kidding when you said you were hitting the gym!
I always get lost in your eyes.
Your inside is even more beautiful than your outside.
You exude confidence which really makes you beautiful.
You are radiant.
There’s a beautiful softness behind your eyes.
Has anyone ever told you that you have outstanding posture?
You are glowing.
You always make ordinary things look great.
Your smile is infectious.
You have a good head on your shoulders and you never forget to use it.
Your intelligence and curiosity inspire me.
Your brain works in incredible ways.
I always learn so many interesting and thought-provoing things from you.
You seem to really know who you are.
I truly respect and vaue your thoughts and ideas.
You always come up with the best solutions in a sort amount of time.
Your way of thinking is so much different from other people's, and it is refreshing.
I can’t get over how wise you are — your wisdom in everything amazes me.
You seem to figure things out right away without struggling to find the right answer.
I could not have come up with the answer without you.
I feel like you know something about everything.
You always provide valuable insight into other people.
You have a knack for kindly challenging people's opinions with another point of view.
You are so resourceful.
I like being on a team with someone who is as perceptive as you.
People find your innovative thinking so inspiring.
You are such a great teacher.
I wish I could figure things out as quickly and accurately as you do.
Your company is so lucky to have you as an employee. I'm sure they value you far more than you realize.
You have a lot of knowledge to offer other people.
I appreciate your ability to see both the big picture and the small details.
When you are given a complex problem, you have the rare ability to find a simple solution.
I know I will learn a lot from you, both personally and professionally.
Your capabilities seem endless.
You are a really good problem-solver.
Your intelligence motivates others to learn.
That was a tough problem to solve. I like how you experimented with a few approaches before settling on one.
You are the most reflective learner I know.
You should share that idea with the boss. He would appreciate learning from you.
I wouldn’t have thought of that approach. You are great at thinking outside of the box.
 I always turn to you when I'm unsure about something and you always have great insight or advice to help me through.
Your understanding and philosophical pursuit of the bigger picture is fascinating.
You’re my constant reminder of how just how clever some people can be.
I am proud of how far you have come in your journey.
Look at how much your time and dedication paid off.
You should be so proud that you have achieved something that very few people are ever able to do.
You worked really hard on that and it certainly was worth the time and energy in the end.
You impress me every single day with your ability to go the extra mile.
How did you learn to be so good? I've never seen someone make something look so easy.
Your parents must be so proud that you have come this far. They did an amazing job of instilling the power of hard work in you.
You're accomplishing so much. Every day you evolve into a better person than who you were the day before.
When you have a goal, you allow nothing to stand in your way. Your dedication and ability to see things through to the end is inspiring.
I hope to be where you are in five years.
Your commitment to your work has really paid off. Your achievements are commendable.
Congratulations, very few people are able to do what you have done, especially with such ease and poise.
You’re an expert at what you do, and people trust you because of it. I’m so impressed.
There should be a monument of you considering everything that you have accomplished.
When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way. I admire your ability to see obstacles as learning experiences.
You never cease to amaze me. Every time I think you have done it all, you do something else outstanding.
Your smile is contagious.
I bet you make babies smile.
You have the best laugh.
You light up the room.
You have a great sense of humor.
If cartoon bluebirds were real, a couple of 'em would be sitting on your shoulders singing right now.
You're like sunshine on a rainy day.
You bring out the best in other people.
I bet you sweat glitter.
Colors seem brighter when you're around.
You're more fun than a ball pit filled with candy.
Jokes are funnier when you tell them.
You always know how to find that silver lining.
You're a candle in the darkness.
Being around you is like a happy little vacation.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
You're like a breath of fresh air.
You're someone's reason to smile.
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have impeccable manners.
I like your style.
You're strong.
Is that your picture next to "charming" in the dictionary?
Your kindness is a balm to all who encounter it.
You are brave.
Your insides are even more beautiful than your outside.
You have the courage of your convictions.
You're a great listener.
You were cool way before hipsters were cool.
That thing you don't like about yourself is what makes you really interesting.
You're inspiring.
You're so thoughtful.
When you make up your mind, nothing stands in your way.
You seem to really know who you are.
You're a smart cookie.
Your perspective is refreshing.
Your ability to recall random factoids at just the right times is impressive.
When you say, "I meant to do that," I totally believe you.
You have the best ideas.
You're always learning new things and trying to better yourself. That's awesome.
If someone based an Internet meme on you, it would have impeccable grammar.
You could survive a zombie apocalypse.
When you make a mistake, you fix it.
You're great at figuring stuff out.
Your creative potential seems limitless.
I bet you do crossword puzzles in ink.
You have a good head on your shoulders.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes; only people like you get back up again and keep going.
You should be proud of yourself.
You are making a difference.
You deserve a hug right now.
You're a great example to others.
Actions speak louder than words, and yours tell an incredible story.
You're an awesome friend.
You're more helpful than you realize.
Hanging out with you is always fun.
That thing where you know when someone needs something? That's amazing.
Being around you makes everything better.
You should be thanked more often. Thank you.
Our community is better because you're in it.
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you've got their back. Nice work.
You always know just what to say.
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.
Any team would be lucky to have you on it.
Defenseless animals are drawn to you.
The way you treasure your loved ones is incredible.
You're a gift to those around you.
You're gorgeous—and that's the least interesting thing about you, too.
You look great today.
Your eyes are breathtaking.
How is it that you always look so great, even if you're in ratty pajamas?
That color is perfect on you.
You smell really good.
You may dance like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're mesmerizing.
You have cute elbows. For real.
Your bellybutton is kind of adorable.
Your hair looks stunning.
Your voice is magnificent.
Your name suits you to a T.
You're irresistible when you blush.
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
I appreciate you.
You are the most perfect you there is.
You are enough.
You're all that and a super-size bag of chips.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're an 11.
You've got all the right moves.
Everything would be better if more people were like you.
When you're not afraid to be yourself, that's when you're incredible.
You're wonderful.
You're better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles.
You're one of a kind.
If you were a box of crayons, you'd be the big industrial name-brand one with a built-in sharpener.
Who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done.
Somehow you make time stop and fly all at the same time.
In high school, I bet you were voted "most likely to continue being awesome."
If you were a scented candle they'd have to call it Perfectly Imperfect (and it would smell like summer).
There's ordinary, and then there's you.
You're even better than a unicorn because you're real.
You're really something special.
I’m so glad we met!
You have such a kind smile
That’s the best thing I’ve heard all day!
Things run so much more smoothly when you’re here.
You’ve got great leadership skills.
I hide my good chocolate in the bag of broccoli in the freezer.
I love my nose—which was your nose first!
Your hugs feel like bubble wrap—protective and fun to squeeze.
I Bet You Make Babies Smile.
You Have Impeccable Manners.
You Are The Most Perfect You There Is.
I bet you're fun at parties
Your Perspective Is Refreshing.
You Should Be Proud Of Yourself.
You’ve Got All The Right Moves!
Thank you for existing.
You make me see the world in a way no one else ever has.
I love the way you make me think.
I appreciate the way you challenge me.
Around you, I’m the best possible version of myself.
Your energy is infectious.
I can’t stop thinking about you.
I love you so much it hurts.
You are my world.
When we’re together, everything seems possible.
I can’t do life without you.
I don’t want to be anywhere you can’t be.
You’re my constant reminder that people can be good.
There’s a softness behind your eyes.
Your laugh is my favorite sound.
The world would be so boring without you.
Are you for real?
How did I get so lucky?
You make the little things feel big.
Loving you feels like the most natural thing.
You impress me every single day.
Your capacity for kindness is boundless.
When we’re together, the rest of the world melts away.
I wish I were half the human you are.
I didn’t know what love was until I met you.
I didn’t know how important friendship was until we met.
It would be torture to lose you.
My life before you was utter dullness.
There’s no one like you.
You're an awesome friend.
You're a gift to those around you.
You're a smart cookie.
You are awesome!
You have impeccable manners.
I like your style.
You have the best laugh.
I appreciate you.
You are the most perfect you there is.
You are enough.
You're strong.
Your perspective is refreshing.
I'm grateful to know you.
You light up the room.
You deserve a hug right now.
You should be proud of yourself.
You're more helpful than you realize.
You have a great sense of humor.
You've got an awesome sense of humor!
You are really courageous.
Your kindness is a balm to all who encounter it.
You're all that and a super-size bag of chips.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're an 11.
You are strong.
You're even more beautiful on the inside than you are on the outside.
You have the courage of your convictions.
I'm inspired by you.
You're like a ray of sunshine on a really dreary day.
You are making a difference.
Thank you for being there for me.
You bring out the best in other people.
Your ability to recall random factoids at just the right time is impressive.
You're a great listener.
How is it that you always look great, even in sweatpants?
Everything would be better if more people were like you!
I bet you sweat glitter.
You were cool way before hipsters were cool.
That color is perfect on you.
Hanging out with you is always a blast.
You always know -- and say -- exactly what I need to hear when I need to hear it.
You help me feel more joy in life.
You may dance like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're an amazing dancer!
Being around you makes everything better!
When you say, "I meant to do that," I totally believe you.
When you're not afraid to be yourself is when you're most incredible.
Colors seem brighter when you're around.
You're more fun than a ball pit filled with candy. (And seriously, what could be more fun than that?)
That thing you don't like about yourself is what makes you so interesting.
You're wonderful.
You have cute elbows. For reals!
Jokes are funnier when you tell them.
You're better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles.
When I'm down you always say something encouraging to help me feel better.
You are really kind to people around you.
You're one of a kind!
You help me be the best version of myself.
If you were a box of crayons, you'd be the giant name-brand one with the built-in sharpener.
You should be thanked more often. So thank you!!
Our community is better because you're in it.
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you've got their back. 
You have the best ideas.
You always find something special in the most ordinary things.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes, but you always get back up and keep going.
You're a candle in the darkness.
You're a great example to others.
Being around you is like being on a happy little vacation.
You always know just what to say.
You're always learning new things and trying to better yourself, which is awesome.
If someone based an Internet meme on you, it would have impeccable grammar.
You could survive a Zombie apocalypse.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
When you make a mistake, you try to fix it.
Who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done.
You're great at figuring stuff out.
Your voice is magnificent.
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.
You're like a breath of fresh air.
You make my insides jump around in the best way.
You're so thoughtful.
Your creative potential seems limitless.
Your name suits you to a T.
Your quirks are so you -- and I love that.
When you say you will do something, I trust you.
Somehow you make time stop and fly at the same time.
When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way.
You seem to really know who you are.
Any team would be lucky to have you on it.
In high school I bet you were voted "most likely to keep being awesome."
I bet you do the crossword puzzle in ink.
Babies and small animals probably love you.
If you were a scented candle they'd call it Perfectly Imperfect (and it would smell like summer).
There's ordinary, and then there's you.
You're someone's reason to smile.
You're even better than a unicorn, because you're real.
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have a good head on your shoulders.
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
The way you treasure your loved ones is incredible.
You're really something special.
Thank you for being you.
Your encouragement makes me feel like I can change the world.
Your presence warms the coldest heart.
I have the most fun when I’m with you.
Your voice adds cheer to the most dreary day.
Your creativity and artistic ability blow me away.
I’ve never met anyone as trustworthy and honest as you.
I like how you know exactly who you are and what you want from life.
You’ve given me a whole new perspective on life. Thank you.
The sound of your laughter makes me feel like I just won a million dollars.
I love the way you take care of me.
You are such a selfless person.
Your style is amazing, and I wish I was as fashionable as you.
You make me want to be better and better every day
I’m fascinated by your lips becase they always say the most amazing things and outline the most beautiful smile
You are like a dazzling diamond that I will treasure always.
When I’m not around you, I’m thinking about you
I’d rather spend time with you than anyone in the world.
I feel like I’m on vacation from all the world’s troubles when we’re together.
You put a lot of effort into caring or others. I appreciate you.
You are my favorite person to talk to.
Thank you for listening with a caring heart.
I trust and value your opinion. You make inightful observations.
Whenever I see you, the clouds roll away and birds start singing.
I can’t imagine life without you.
I can’t take my eyes off the beauty you radiate with that confident smile.
Your confidence is attractive.
I’m sorry that it took so long for us to meet.
I’m drawn in by your warm, intelligent conversation.
I like how you really know what you want, and how you are fearless when you go about getting it.
The sight of you in that dress is stunning.
The first thing I noticed about you is your elegance.
I like how your spur-of-the-moment ideas keep me on my toes.
Your energy and bold spirit make me want to be with you forever.
No matter what you encounter, you are always classy.
Your loveliness takes my breath away.
You look professional and polished.
Your flamboyant personality excites me.
You are just the spark my battery needed.
I am exhilarated by your energy and passion.
Your flawless intuition astounds me.
Having you on the team makes a huge difference.
You always find a way to get it done – and done well!
It’s really admirable how you always see projects through from conception to completion.
Thank you for always speaking up in team meetings and providing a unique perspective.
Your efforts at strengthening our culture have not gone unnoticed.
Fantastic work!
Even when the going gets tough, you continue to have the best attitude!
It’s amazing how you always help new employees get up to speed.
Wow! Just when I thought your work couldn’t get any better!
Your work ethic speaks for itself.
Thanks for always being willing to lend a hand.
The pride you take in your work is truly inspiring.
You’re so great to work with.
I am continually impressed by the results you produce!
Thank you for being so flexible.
It’s incredible how thorough your work is.
Your work ethic is out of this world!
You have an extremely healthy perspective.
You’re one of the most reliable employees I’ve ever had.
Thank you for setting a great example for your coworkers.
You’re really good at cheering everybody up!
Is there anything you can’t do?!
It’s amazing how you’re always able to overcome any obstacle thrown your way.
Keep up the great work!
I was blown away by your contributions this week.
I really enjoy working with you.
You’re awesome!
You are an invaluable member of the team.
I can’t believe how lucky I am to have a great employee like you.
You come up with fantastic ideas!
Wow! Nice work.
I just wanted to let you know how much you mean to the team.
How did this place ever operate without you?!
You play a crucial role in our company’s success.
It’s so obvious how you pay attention to detail.
You are always so quick to show initiative.
You’re an awesome employee!
It’s incredible how often you go above and beyond.
Your work never ceases to amaze me!
Things have definitely been crazy lately, but you’re crushing it!
You are so irresistibly charming.
I look up to you so much.
You make me a better person.
You are such an inspiration to me.
I really appreciate everything that you do.
Your cooking was delicious
You make me happy.
You are a rock star.
You are incredible.
You make me so proud.
I am proud to know you.
You are the funniest guy I know.
You are so handy.
You are so good at fixing things.
You are so smart.
You are the strongest man that I have ever met.
You always know how to make me break into a smile.
I love that you know how to cook.
Any woman would be lucky to have you.
I always feel safe when I am around you.
It is an honor to know you.
You are so selfless.
You have a strong handshake.
I love talking to you.
You are very insightful.
You are always so upbeat.
I love your positive energy.
You are always so energetic.
You are such an easygoing guy.
You are so artistic.
I admire your candor.
I admire your strong sense of confidence.
You are always so reasonable.
I wish I was as patient as you.
I love your persistence. You always refuse to give up.
Your strong sense of motivation is something that I have always admired.
You are very athletic.
You are always quick on your feet.
You are a good dancer.
You have good rhythm.
You are a quick thinker.
You seem to know how to fix everything.
You are so easy to have a conversation with.
I love that I can just be myself with you.
You tell the funniest jokes.
I love spending quality time with you.
I really enjoy our time together
I really enjoy our talks.
You are a really great person to talk to.
You are so easy to talk to.
You always have such great ideas.
Anyone would be lucky to have you on their team.
The world would be a better place if there were more people like you.
You always set a great example for other people.
You are hands down the most attractive guy in the world to me.
You are so brave.
You are so funny.
You really know how to make me laugh.
You have such a kind heart.
You are just irresistible.
My parents love you.
My friends really like you.
You are such a hard worker.
I can already tell that you are going places.
You are so chivalrous.
You really know how to cook.
I love how genuine you are.
I know that I can trust you.
It is so easy to trust you.
You have a beautiful soul.
I love how passionate you are about the work that you do.
I love how dedicated you are to your job.
You have such strong principles. I really admire that about you.
You have such big, strong arms.
You are so driven.
Nice car!
I like that you tend to think outside the box.
You have great hair.
You are one of the good guys.
I love how smart you are.
You are my favorite weakness.
I love how openminded you are.
I love that you never judge me.
You make me happy in a way that I have never felt before.
I am so thankful that I met you.
I feel so comfortable around you. You are like a pair of comfy sweatpants.
You have a wonderful personality.
I could not live without you.
I love seeing you smile.
What a smart observation you made.
You are really good at noticing every little detail.
Talking to you makes my day.
You are a very interesting guy.
I feel like I could talk to you for hours and hours without ever getting bored of the conversation.
Is that a new cologne? You smell really good.
Your smell makes me butterflies.
Those are nice shoes you have on.
I like your tattoo.
I love that you can laugh at yourself.
I love how much you value honesty.
You are wonderful, even on a bad day.
You are my best adventure.
You make my heart soar.
You are such a classy guy.
You are so athletic.
You are so suave.
You are so smooth.
You are so adventurous.
You have so much courage.
You are such an innovative person.
You are one of the most intelligent people that I have ever met.
You are so generous.
You are such a gentle soul.
You are such a helpful person.
You are wise beyond your years.
I love your enthusiasm.
You are, without a doubt, an honorable man.
I love how optimistic you always are.
You are so friendly to everyone that you meet.
Your smile is proof to me that the best things in life are free.
You are so cool.
I love how confident you are.
You are such an insightful person.
You are so down to earth.
I love how much you care about things.
You have such a warm heart.
Being with you is fun.
I enjoy spending time with you.
You are so understanding.
You have such an energetic personality.
You are the most responsible guy I know.
I love your sense of creativity.
You are so friendly and approachable.
Your determination is admirable.
You are so outgoing.
You are so full of integrity.
I love that you are always teaching me something new.
You are such a dependable person.
You are so reliable.
I trust you with all my heart.
You are not like all the other guys and that is what I like about you.
You are so good at what you do.
You are a true friend.
Your smile can light up the whole room.
I know that I can always turn to you.
Your patience is one of your bests qualities.
You are so witty.
Your charm is immeasurable.
I love how flexible you are.
You have such a good eye for detail.
You are incredibly observant.
I love your enthusiasm.
I like how genuine you are.
You are such a motivated individual.
You are such a strong person.
You are my calm during the storm.
You look so handsome, even when you have just woken up and your hair is all messy.
The ladies can’t seem to take their eyes off of you.
You are classically handsome.
You are really, really, really, ridiculously good-looking.
You look so handsome in that suit.
You have such a great smile.
You have really nice eyes.
I really like your style.
You are so cute.
You have such impeccable style.
You look hot.
You have beautiful eyes
You look great today.
Have you lost weight recently? You look really good.
You look really handsome.
You are looking good.
You are such a hunk.
I like your hair.
Your arms look so good in that shirt.
You could be a model.
You must be really hitting the gym these days.
Are you sure you have never modeled before?
You have really nice teeth.
You have nice lips.
You have nice abs.
I could get lost in your eyes.
You light up a room.
You have such a kind soul.
You make me want to be a better person.
You have the kindest eyes.
You have beautiful eyes.
You are the kind of friend I’ve always wanted.
When I’m around you, I’m at my best possible self.
You inspire me.
I love your laugh and smile.
You have the most vibrant smile.
You impress me every day.
You have good energy.
You are interesting.
You are super smart.
You are really successful.
You are great at your hobby.
You’re trendy.
Your outlook on life is amazing.
You’re so positive.
You light up a room.
You have great confidence.
I love your hair.
You have great taste in music.
I love how bubbly you are.
I like being around you because you’re so positive.
You have good taste in music.
You catch on to new things quick.
You have great skin.
You’re so caring of people.
You have a big heart.
You’re great with kids.
You’re great at sports.
You’re creative.
You’re great at your job.
You’re always so happy.
You’re a great mom/dad.
You’re always so helpful.
You’re a hard worker.
You make me less serious.
You make me want to grow as a person.
You’re one of the nicest people I know.
You’re my role model.
You’re outgoing.
You’re so easy going.
You’re my favorite person.
You’re so likeable.
Your smile is contagious.
You’re so in control of your own life.
I look up to you.
You’re beautiful.
Your mind is just as sexy as your beauty.
I miss your smile.
You’re an amazing friend.
I can’t believe I found someone like you.
I get excited every time I see you.
I love making you laugh.
You’re my best friend.
I’ll always have your back.
I love every inch of you— even your toes.
You’ve got a sexy personality.
You’re my queen.
I miss you even when you haven’t left yet.
I feel lucky to be with you.
You always know how to make me feel at home.
I can fully be myself with you
I love your style.
I love when you take care of me, now it’s your turn. 
You complete everything I’ve ever wanted in a woman.
You look beautiful even when you don’t try.
You make me want to be my best because you deserve the best.
You’re even sexy when you’re bossy.
The more I learn about you, the more I fall.
You’re even more beautiful in the morning.
I love talking to you.
I wouldn’t mind growing old and fat with you.
Your lips always look kissable.
I could kiss you forever.
I could have sex with you forever.
You’re a great kisser.
You’re the best at cuddling. 
You could pick your nose and I still wouldn’t be turned-off.
You deserve the world.
I never knew what it meant to be a man until I met you.
The best part of my day is waking up next to you.
I have fun just being beside you doing nothing.
You have my heart.
You’re the better part of me.
You showed me I’m capable of having the best relationship in the world.
I won the jackpot with you.
You deserve the most beautiful things. 
You’re a gem.
You’re my family.
Even when you’re grouchy, I love you. 
I’d climb a mountain for you.
If we were in the Middle Ages, I’d fight a dragon for you.
I’m always looking forward to our next adventure.
You make me happy.
You have all my respect.
You make me feel like I can touch the sky.
The hardest part of hugging you is letting you go.
You have the sweetest heart.
You taught me the difference between a girl and a woman.
I love looking at you.
You light up my life like nobody else.
Your cooking is amazing.
I never thought it could be this good. 
I feel most alive by your side.
I smile thinking about you when I’m alone.
You make commitment feel easy.
You’re everything to me.
Your style is undisputed. It's yours and only yours.
Your hair looks amazing. How do you manage it so well?
Every time I see you, I notice how good you always look.
That color you are wearing looks really good on you.
You have beautiful eyes.
From the way you look, I can tell that you're really working hard at the gym.
You are quite stylish and polished.
You are looking dapper today.
Have you been working out? Your body seems to be in perfect shape.
Your muscles are astonishing.
Truth be told, you could be a fashion model.
I like your hair. It's terrific.
You are such a hunk.
Are you sure you have never modeled before?
You look really handsome.
You have such a well-toned body.
You have such big, strong arms.
You seem very athletic.
Your arms look great in that shirt.
You smell magnificent.
You are so handsome.
You have nice lips.
Your have such nice skin.
Wow, you weren’t lying when you said you were hitting the gym!
I love the color of your eyes.
You are so suave.
You are absolutely cuter than Channing Tatum.
You look way hotter than Brad Pitt.
You are classically handsome.
Those abs of yours are really nice.
You're an eye candy.
Your good looks are always a pleasure to see.
You have such a great smile.
You really look in shape.
You smell fantastic.
Even when you've just woken up and your hair is all messy, you still look really good.
You have such impeccable style.
How do you manage to look cute and handsome at the same time?
You have such a comforting voice.
Your muscles are well-defined.
You are as honest as an angel, and as handsome as a devil.
Your fragrance is irresistible.
You make sweating look good.
Spending time with you is always a thrill for my heart.
There's something about you that really turns me on.
I love it when you just reach out for my hand out of the blue.
You never fail in putting a smile on my face.
I love spending every second of my time with you.
I can’t help but blush around you. I actually turn beet red and it's embarrassing.
You look extra manly today.
I love spending quality time with you.
I feel like I'm inside a fairy tale whenever I'm spending time with you.
I love how manly your voice is.
Your eyes are so captivating, I could wander in them forever.
You are the manliest man I’ve ever known.
You look remarkably hot.
I couldn’t be any more comfortable around you.
Everything about you is sexy.
I appreciate everything that you do for me.
You are so chivalrous.
I have never met a man like you. You’re genuinely different from the rest and I love it.
You are so unbelievably sexy to me.
You really know how to make me laugh.
I can’t help but smile around you.
Your voice is so deep, masculine, and comforting.
You always know how to make me smile.
You are absolutely charming. I just can’t pull myself away from you.
You are my strength, as well as my favorite weakness.
When you listen to me, I feel so heard and loved.
You are so desirable.
You are my prince charming.
Whenever I'm with you, I get butterflies in my tummy.
You make me weak in the knees.
There’s something about your smile that gets me every single time.
You are cuter than any celebrity out there.
I could get lost in your eyes, and never return to reality.
I love being wrapped up in your sexy arms.
You're the reason why I can act all foolish and romantic.
You are so irresistible.
You are my knight in shining armor.
You are gentleman among gentlemen.
The way you smile at me makes me lower my guard.
Your attractiveness is off the charts.
I’m so lucky to have someone as loving as you in my life.
A responsible guy like you is really hard to find.
Your charm is immeasurable.
I have so much respect for you.
You're such a wonderful person. You make bad days feel not so bad.
You seem to know how to fix everything.
I am so proud to know you.
People like to work with you because they trust you and your abilities.
You’re amazing at everything you do.
I have overwhelming respect for you.
I always feel safe when you’re around.
Whatever you put your mind to, I know you can achieve no matter what.
You’re such an accomplished man.
The world needs you. You have the power to make it better.
You are such an incredible guy.
You're so reliable that I can't imagine not having you around.
You are such an inspiration to everyone.
Surviving a zombie apocalypse must be a piece of cake for you.
You are such a dependable guy.
I can already tell that you are going places.
The world seems to have a shortage on good guys. You are actually one of the few.
Your ability to laugh at yourself in any circumstance gives me confidence.
I know that you can accomplish anything that you put your mind to.
You are a master of innovation.
I really admire your professionalism.
You are so reliable.
Your smile can light up the whole room.
You are always so good at giving the best advice.
You have such strong principles. I really admire that about you.
I trust you.
Thank you for doing the world a favor by merely existing.
There's no end to your potential.You get better every time I see you.
You’re always learning new things and trying to improve yourself. That’s awesome.
Jokes are always funnier when you tell them.
You kick ass.
You are so full of integrity.
You are wise beyond your years.
I feel like I could talk to you for hours and hours without ever getting bored of the conversation.
I like that you tend to think outside the box.
The world needs more people like you. It's easier to breath when you're around.
I love your persistence. Giving up is not in your vocabulary.
You’ve got a killer work ethic.
You are a truly hardworking guy.
You are such an easygoing guy.
I love that you go out of your way just to help others.
You are always full of energy.
Conversations with you are the best. I learn so much from you.
You are so articulate and expressive. This is why I love talking to you.
You have a wonderful personality.
I love how open-minded you are.
I admire your candor.
I love your positive aura.
Your motivation in life spills and motivates the people around you as well.
When you make up your mind, nothing stands in your way.
I like how genuine you are.
Your choice of words is always spot on. You make me believe that everything you say is right and just.
You have such a kind heart.
You are a born leader.
Every word that comes out of your mouth is refreshing to hear.
You have such a warm heart.
You have such an energetic personality.
I love how much you value honesty.
You are so brave.
You are so funny.
Your presence is so refreshing.
You’re hunger for adventure is admirable.
You are such an innovative person.
You always set a good example for other people.
You are an incredibly observant person. You don't miss anything important.
Your determination is truly respectable.
You are the strongest guy I know.
I love how driven you are.
There's something about you that makes me want to be a better person.
You always give the best advice.
You are so handy!
You’re the funniest man I’ve ever met.
You’re talented, hard working, and everyone knows it.
You are always so upbeat.
Your optimism and positivity are contagious.
I love your enthusiasm.
You are so down to earth.
You are so professional.
You are so cool.
I have so much respect for you.
You're terrific at figuring stuff out.
You’re so smart.
It's so easy to approach you and be friends with you. You are extremely likable.
You’re a good man.
You are such an attentive guy.
When you talk, everyone intently listens.
I enjoy hanging out with you. You're always so much fun.
Nothing misses your discerning eyes.
Your work is always exceptional.
You are very insightful.
You are very well-grounded, always humble, and down to earth.
You have great communication skills.
You are a real go-getter.
You have such an ingenious mind for business.
I associate you with the word "fun."
You are such a classy guy.
You're a boredom buster.
You always have such great ideas.
You have good rhythm.
You are always quick on your feet.
Talking to you makes my soul feel alive.
You are such a gentle soul.
You are so thoughtful.
You are a quick thinker.
You make me so proud.
You are incredible.
You always make me feel so comfortable and at ease.
You are so selfless.
You are a rock star.
Any lady would be lucky to have you.
Girls can’t seem to keep their eyes off of you.
I believe in you.
You are amazing.
I really appreciate everything that you do.
I look up to you so much.
It is an honor to know you.
You are one of the most intelligent people that I have ever met.
I'm glad you're my friend.
I love spending time with you.
You are my lifeline.
You are my person.
You are a great parent to our kid(s).
I appreciate you.
You complete me.
You are my soul mate.
I'm so glad I married you.
You look beautiful.
You are the most amazing person in this world. 
You make me feel loved.
I love how you patiently listen to me.
I respect you so much.
I want to spend my entire with you.
I say a little prayer for you.
You're an excellent partner.
Thanks for being with me.
I have got your back.
I feel safe with you.
I can't live a day without you.
You're so thoughtful.
I am so happy that I found you.
I am blessed to have married my friend.
You make my heart beat like a drum.
I am not afraid of anything because I have you.
I'm all yours.
Thank you for being with me.
You're the only person I can count on.
Being your spouse is an honor.
Thank you for taking care of me. 
You did a good job with the garage.
I appreciate what you do for our family.
I want to grow old with you.
You're my rock.
There's no one like you.
You are a thoughtful person.
You're amazing, and I can't say that enough.
I love being by your side. 
I love the way you look at me.
I thank you for everything you do around your house.
Our children are lucky to have you as a parent. You're great.
You've helped me become a better person.
I'll love you forever.
You are my guiding light.
You're everything that I asked for. 
I am amazed at how well you balance work and home life.
I love the way you appreciate the little things.
I can't thank you enough for understanding me. 
I am so glad that you chose to be in my life.
I can't complete my life journey without you.
I am so proud of your achievements.
I am here just because of you. 
I owe you for my achievements and success.
You are my supporter.
You make me feel valued and respected in our home.
I am not afraid of life’s ups and downs if I have you beside me.
I know I can face anything, because I have you.
You make me laugh.
You are the reason I can face my fears.
You are the best friend one could ask for.
I appreciate our friendship.
I thank the stars for bringing us closer.
I am so glad we met.
You bring out the best in me.
You are always there for me.
You see me.
You understand me for who I am.
I am so proud to have such a caring friend.
You never left me when I was at my worst.
Thanks for being my friend.
You are an important part of my life.
I love you so much.
You're my support system.
You're my light during dark times.
You are an excellent friend.
I love exploring new places with you.
I love being with you.
I can trust you with all my secrets.
I am lucky to have you as my friend.
You know how to make people comfortable.
You always send out loving vibes.
You are a positive person.
You are always ready to help people.
There can't be another you. You are perfect!
I am so glad that we're friends.
Would you like to be my child's godmother/godfather?
I value your opinion.
Thanks for dealing with my mood swings.
You have made me a braver person. 
Fantastic work!
You are an indispensable part of the team.
You are a reliable employee, and we're excited to have you here.
You are really good at what you do.
You are a dedicated employee.
We really enjoyed your contribution during the presentation.
We love your “Can Do” attitude.
Keep up the great work.
You're an awesome worker.
We trust you. 
You amaze us with your hard work.
It's surprising how well you perform, even under pressure.
You're a great example for your co-workers.
Things have been crazy at work, but you took care of business with no complaints. Bravo!
Your work ethic speaks for itself.
You bring a lot of positivity to your work.
We appreciate your valuable advice.
Your work never ceases to amaze us.
You always exceed our expectations.
You have a great future in our company.
We don't want to lose you.
Your work is unparalleled.
You are running this office.
Your hard work speaks for itself.
You are a dedicated employee.
We can't let you leave us. 
We need your insights and valuable advice.
You are the backbone of our company.
You have good leadership skills.
You never shy away from responsibility, and we love that about you.
We're proud that we have someone like you who takes the initiative.
We're enjoying working with you.
You always come up with interesting ideas.  
You are so hardworking and caring, and I have always looked up to you.
I can’t imagine life without you.
I am so lucky to have you as my parents.
You taught me how to be a better person.
I am nothing without you.
Thank you for teaching me valuable lessons.
I am so proud to have a parent who focused on the independence of their child. 
Thank you for letting me explore the world.
If I am a confident, bold, and independent person today, it is all because of you.
You are the backbone of the house.
You have no match in this world.
Thank you for teaching me how to become a good person. 
Your heart is full of love.
How can a person be as selfless as you are?!
Our family is complete because of you.
Thank you for sacrificing so much for me.
I love you to the moon and back. 
You are the reason I smile every day. 
You are a blessing.
Thank you for being understanding parents.
You're the most positive person I know.
You're my hero.
You're the most caring person on the planet.
You're the best.
There's no one like you.
You're incredible.
I want to be just like you.
Thanks for checking up on me. 
You have the biggest heart.
You're my best friend.
I'll always cherish your valuable advice. 
You are the strongest person I know.
You are so brave.
You love me at my worst. 
You're so kind.
You deserve credit for everything I have accomplished.